.\" SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-or-later
.TH BITFUCKIT 1 "December 2025" "bitfuckit 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
bitfuckit \- Bitbucket CLI tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bitfuckit
[\fIcommand\fR] [\fIsubcommand\fR] [\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bitfuckit
is a command-line interface for Bitbucket Cloud, written in Ada.
It provides repository management, authentication, and mirroring capabilities.
.PP
When invoked without arguments, launches the interactive TUI mode.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B auth login
Authenticate with Bitbucket using an app password.
Prompts for username, app password, and workspace.
.TP
.B auth status
Show current authentication status and configuration.
.TP
.B repo create \fIname\fR [\-\-private] [\-\-description \fItext\fR]
Create a new repository with the given name.
.TP
.B repo list
List all repositories in the configured workspace.
.TP
.B repo delete \fIname\fR
Delete a repository (requires confirmation).
.TP
.B repo exists \fIname\fR
Check if a repository exists.
.TP
.B pr list \fIrepo\fR [\-\-state \fISTATE\fR] [\-\-all]
List pull requests for a repository.
STATE can be OPEN, MERGED, DECLINED, or SUPERSEDED.
Default is OPEN. Use \-\-all to show all states.
.TP
.B mirror \fIname\fR
Mirror the current git repository to Bitbucket.
Creates the repository if it doesn't exist, then pushes all branches.
.TP
.B tui
Launch the interactive terminal user interface.
.TP
.B help, \-\-help, \-h
Show usage information.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-private
When creating a repository, make it private.
.TP
.B \-\-description \fItext\fR
When creating a repository, set its description.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/bitfuckit/config
Configuration file storing credentials.
.SH TUI CONTROLS
.TP
.B j, Down Arrow
Move selection down.
.TP
.B k, Up Arrow
Move selection up.
.TP
.B Enter
Select current item.
.TP
.B q, Escape
Quit.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B XDG_CONFIG_HOME
If set, configuration is stored in $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/bitfuckit/
instead of ~/.config/bitfuckit/.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
Error (authentication failure, API error, etc.).
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Authenticate with Bitbucket:
.B bitfuckit auth login
.TP
Create a private repository:
.B bitfuckit repo create my-project \-\-private
.TP
Mirror current repo to Bitbucket:
.B bitfuckit mirror my-project
.TP
List open pull requests:
.B bitfuckit pr list my-project
.TP
List all pull requests:
.B bitfuckit pr list my-project \-\-all
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR git (1),
.BR gh (1),
.BR glab (1),
.BR tea (1)
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at: https://github.com/hyperpolymath/bitfuckit/issues
.SH AUTHOR
hyperpolymath
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2025 hyperpolymath.
License: AGPL-3.0-or-later.
